c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\CoolBreeze.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\CoolBreeze.pdb
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\obj\Debug\CoolBreeze.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\obj\Debug\CoolBreeze.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\obj\Debug\CoolBreeze.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\obj\Debug\CoolBreeze.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\obj\Debug\CoolBreeze.pdb
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\CoolBreeze.dll.config
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jerin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\CoolBreeze\obj\Debug\CoolBreeze.csproj.App.config
